readme
Tiantian Zha
Assignment 7

Time spent:

Started on Monday, done by Friday Night. So about 40+ hours.

Help received:

Alice Fuller explained that command.c was kind of a classification.

Kevin Cheng told me about the supplementary information page.
He also told me about strtol and getcwd which he used, and which
ended up being a lot more complicated than was needed. 

Ajay Roopakalu explained that a tedious but sometimes useful  
debugging method is to write ONLY the new code in a separate file, 
and transfer your old code piece by piece to figure out where the 
error occurred. 

Assessment of the assignment:

I thought memory management was the most difficult part, because
each line of input could terminate in so many different places 
(could be an empty line, wrong input, etc) so it was easy to forget
to free things.
I'm fairly certain that my program terminates with a clean meminfo
report when the user exits with a call to exit. I didn't know that
this wasn't a requirement, so I spent a very long time working on
this.
Signal handling was also really hard. For a very long time I couldn't
get #include <signal.h> to work (and that is why I have such a long
readme...)
I also thought that the most challenging parts were the parts that we
had never done in class. For example, I had trouble figuring out how
to process the ishrc file, how to call chdir, simply because we had
never had experience with those.

Known bugs: Not a bug, but:

signal handling is not in its own module. I had mysterious bugs when
it was by itself, and the bugs went away when the functions were in 
ish.c 

Spling warnings:

1. ish.c243:33: Value *acLine used before definition. acLine is a stack
variable and its contents are filled by a function (readLine). The code
performs a check for whether readLine failed. 
2. command.c: 232:4: It seems to complain that I assign NULL to the last
element of the array which we are instructed to do.
3. token.h exports Token_newToken and Token_freeToken, which are not
used outside of token.c. It was not necessary in this case, but I did not
make the functions static, because they could be useful in other
instances. 